[PS ManagedServices] Add breaking change announcement (#27957)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/ManagedServices/ManagedServices.Autorest/README.md

  "@autorest/powershell": "3.x"

directive:
  - where:
      verb: Get
      subject: RegistrationAssignment
    set:
      breaking-change:

>         change-description: "The types of property 'Authorization' and 'EligibleAuthorization' have changed to 'List'."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        change-description: "The types of property 'Authorization' and 'EligibleAuthorization' will be changed to 'List'."
```

        deprecated-by-version: 9.0.0
        deprecated-by-azversion: 15.0.0
        change-effective-date: 2025/11/03

  - where:
      subject: RegistrationDefinition
    set:
      breaking-change:
        change-description: "The types of the properties 'Authorization' and 'EligibleAuthorization' will be changed to 'List'."
        deprecated-by-version: 9.0.0
        deprecated-by-azversion: 15.0.0
        change-effective-date: 2025/11/03
  - where:
      verb: New
      subject: RegistrationDefinition
    set:
      breaking-change:

>         change-description: "The types of the properties 'DelegatedRoleDefinitionId' and 'JustInTimeAccessPolicyManagedByTenantApprover' will be changed to List."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        change-description: "The types of the properties 'DelegatedRoleDefinitionId' and 'JustInTimeAccessPolicyManagedByTenantApprover' will be changed to 'List'."
```
